{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Basic Overview:\
\
This program reads in a selection of options from an XML file.  Once the selections are read in, they are put into a list.  From that list, the program generates the select statements, with the appropriate options and attributes.  When the user makes a final selection, a picture is displayed with a relevant color scheme (taken from Adobe Kuler) and a text node with the final options.  There is a form that displays that will allow the user to email themselves the color choice, as well as a button that allows the user to \'93download\'94 a bigger version of the picture being displayed.\
\
The site redirects the user to the Chrome homepage if it detects that the user is using Internet Explorer.  Internet Explorer did not seem to display this site properly in all regards, therefore I don\'92t support it.  It works fine in Firefox/Chrome/Safari.\
\
Extras:\
The background of the entire page slowly fades from its current color, to a color that represents the users selection.\
\
There is a download button that allows the user to \'93download\'94 the final image.  (The button redirects the user to another tab, and then the user can right click and save as the full size image).\
\
Since everything is read in from an XML file, the user can make changes to the XML file.  There is one problem with this.  If changes are made to the XML file, then there has to be some changes made to the JavaScript of the website as well, because some of the tags that the XML uses are specific to what they describe.\
\
Sources:\
\
http://www.scriptiny.com/2008/05/javascript-color-fading-script/ - The color fading script.\
https://color.adobe.com/explore/newest/?time=all - The color schemes/pictures of the final color scheme.\
http://getbootstrap.com/ - Makes the website mobile friendly/pretty looking.}